# Homepolish Business Intelligence Challenge
----

This challenge is for candidates already involved in the Homepolish interview
process. For current openings and to apply to an open position, visit our
[jobs page](https://www.homepolish.com/jobs).

## Methodology

This challenge is designed to see how a candidate would handle real world
problems they may face as a business intelligence analyst at Homepolish. It is a
multi part challenge designed to get a sense of your ability to extract,
synthesize, analyze, and report on data from a variety of sources.

Candidates are judged across multiple skills, and it should be understood there
are no right answers; secret knowledge is not our goal. Rather, one's answers
will provide us an understanding of range for each individual skill.

**Important** The work that you produce for this challenge is yours. We have no
reason or intention to use this work outside of the evaluation process, and you
should feel free to do with it as you wish.

## Instructions

The challenges are designed to be done in order, with each one building off the
previous. If you become stuck, feel free to move on to the next challenge and
complete what you can, using reasonable assumptions to fill in the results of any
incomplete challenges.

Candidates are encouraged to attempt all questions, but if you do not complete
all the tasks that is perfectly ok. Just do as much as you can.

You can use any tools and methods that you are comfortable with, but you must
avoid using any data analysis tools that require the purchase of a commercial
license. If a commercial tool has a free version, then it is ok to use the free
version.

You should run `git clone https://github.com/Homepolish/bi-challenge.git` to
clone this repository, and place your responses and supporting documents for
each challenge in that challenge's directory.

**Note** This challenge will require you to have Docker installed for parts 2 and 3.

## Submission

Your submission should include all work, including source code, queries,
notebooks, etc. You should outline all steps you took so that we can look over
and reproduce the results in your submission.

**Important:** Push your finished work to a **private** repository. Bitbucket is
free for this and an ideal place to push your code. When you're done, please
give the following emails access to your solution:

[Emails to add to private repo access](https://github.com/Homepolish/bi-challenge/wiki/Emails-to-add-to-private-repo-access)

Good luck!
